Hit Dice = D8
Eldritch Invocations = 2
Pact Magic Slots = 2nd level [ ][ ]
Spells Known = 4
Cantrips Known = 2

### Pact Boon

Your otherworldy patron bestows a gift upon you for your loyal service.
You gain one of the following features of your choice.

    Pact of the Chain
        You learn the Find Familiar spell and can cast it as a ritual.
        The spell doesn't count against the number of Warlock spells known.

        When you cast the spell, you can choose one of the normal forms
        for your familiar, or one of the special forms imp, pseudodragon,
        quasit, or sprite.

        Additionally, when you take the Attack action, you can forgo one of
        your attacks to allow your familiar to make one attack of its own
        with its reaction.

    Pact of the Blade
        You can use your action to create a pact weapon in your empty hand.
        You can choose the form that this melee weapon takes each time you
        create it. You are proficient with it while you wield it. This weapon
        counts as magic for the purpose of overcoming resistance and immunity
        to nonmagical attacks and damage.

        Your pact weapon disappears if it is more than 5 feet away from you
        for 1 minute or more. It also disappears if you use this feature
        again, if you dismiss the weapon (no action required), or if you die.

        You can transform one magic weapon into your pact weapon by perfoming
        a special ritual while you hold the weapon. You perform the ritual
        over the course of 1 hour, which can be done during a Short Rest.
        You can then dismiss the weapon, shunting it into an extradimensional
        space, and it appears whenever you create your pact weapon thereafter.
        You can't affect an artifact or sentient weapon in this way. The
        weapon ceases being your pact weapon if you die, if you perform the
        ritual on a different weapon, or if you use a 1 hour ritual to break
        your bond with it. The weapon appears at your feet if it is in the
        extradimensional space when the bond breaks.

    Pact of the Tome
        Your patron gives you a grimoire called a Book of Shadows. When you
        gain this feature, choose three cantrips from any class's spell list
        (the three need not be from the same list). While the book is on your
        person, you can cast those cantrips at will. They don't count against
        the number of Warlock cantrips known, but do count as Warlock cantrips
        for you.

        If you lose your Book of Shadows, you can perform a 1 hour ceremony to
        receive a replacement from your patron. This ceremony can be performed
        during a Short of Long Rest, and the previous book is destroyed.

        The book turns to ash when you die.
